---
title: v1.65
---

## Prod

### v.1.65.0 - Oct 23rd

🖥️  UI Updates

* Add transfer origin from/to address column to transfers table in portfolio page.
* Trade page: `oracle price` is renamed `underlying price` to reflect the actual value displayed.
* Vaults
  * Added minimum initial deposit amount to deposit form
  * Improved validation messages for minimum initial deposit
  * Added translations to more validation messages for deposits and withdrawals
  * P\&L charts now always start at zero to show P\&L over the selected period of time rather than cumulative P\&L
  * Remaining lockup time can now be seen in the vault page
  * When hovering over a datapoint on the performance charts, you can now see the time of the datapoint.

⚙️ API Updates

* New GET `/vaults/transfers` endpoint to show deposits and withdrawals for a given vault.
* GET `/fills` endpoint now returns transfer fills, generated by vault withdrawals to rebalance open positions.
* Added field  `counterparty` to  GET `/transfer` endpoint response.
* Cancel reason `PRICE_OUTSIDE_BANDS`  renamed to `EXCEEDS_MAX_SLIPPAGE`

:notebook_with_decorative_cover: Docs Updates

* Updated the docs to remove `JWT` authentication in headers for vault summary endpoint.

***

## Testnet

### v.1.65.0-rc.4- Oct 22nd

🖥️ UI Updates

* Add transfer origin from/to address column to transfers table in portfolio page.
* Trade page: `oracle price` is renamed `underlying price` to reflect the actual api value displayed.

⚙️ API Updates

* New Get `/vaults/transfers` endpoint to show deposits and withdrawals for a given vault.

***

### v.1.65.0-rc.3- Oct 21st

🖥️ API Updates

* Get '/fills' endpoint now returns transfer fills, generated by vault withdrawals to rebalance open positions.
* Added field 'counterparty' to '/transfer' endpoint response.

***

### v.1.65.0-rc.1- Oct 16th

🖥️ UI Updates

* Vaults:
  * Remaining lockup time is added to the vault page.
  * When hovering over a datapoint on the performance charts, you can now see the time of the datapoint.

***



