---
title: v1.67
---

## Prod

### v1.67.0 - Nov 7th

🖥️  UI Updates

* Max vault name length is now 35 symbols
* Added `Avg.Fill Price` to open orders and order history table.
* Trade page, order book update frequency updated from 50ms to 100ms.
* Fixed the `remember me` tooltip overlapping `continue` in `link wallet` modal.
* Revamped balances page within portfolio.
* Fix estimated liquidation prices for limit and stop limit orders - use limit price as base.
* Vaults
  * You can now see the unwinding progress of your vault withdrawals in the relevant vault page or in the portfolio page, under the vaults tab.
  * The `Lockup Remaining` was moved from the top of the vault page to the `My vault deposit` section
  * You can now see the vaults you invested in on the portfolio page, under the `Vaults` tab, including the `Lockup Remaining`

API Updates

* Introduced `delta` to perp future's GET `/markets/summary` endpoint.


***

## Testnet

### v.1.67.0-rc.2- Nov 4th

🖥️  UI Updates

* Add `Avg.Fill Price` to open orders table
* Trade page & order book update frequency updated from 50ms to 100ms

***

### v.1.67.0-rc.1- Oct 31st

🖥️  UI Updates

* Vaults
  * You can now see the unwinding progress of your vault withdrawals in the relevant vault page or in the portfolio page, under the vaults tab.
  * The "lockup remaining" was moved from the top of the vault page to the "my vault deposit" section
  * You can now see the vaults you invested in on the portfolio page, under the "vaults" tab, including the "lockup remaining"
* Revamp balances page within portfolio
* Add `Avg. Fill Price` column to order history table

API Updates

* Introduced `delta` field to perp future's `/markets/summary` endpoint
